sys var: clarify the description of tidb_ddl_reorg_max_write_speed (#20527)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: String (Integer + Unit)
- Default value: `0`
- Range: `[0, 1PiB]`
- Unit: KiB|MiB|GiB|TiB
- This variable limits the write bandwidth for each TiKV node and only takes effect when index creation acceleration is enabled (controlled by the [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) variable). When the data size in your cluster is quite large (such as billions of rows), limiting the write bandwidth for index creation can effectively reduce the impact on application workloads.

> - The default value `0` means no write bandwidth limit. The default unit is bytes per second. You can set the value in formats such as `'1GiB'` or `'256MiB'`. You can also set this variable using a byte value without a unit, for example, `67108864` represents `64MiB`.

Author: ```suggestion
- The default value `0` means no write bandwidth limit. 
- This variable can be set in either a format with a unit or without a unit.
    - When the value is set without a unit, the default unit is bytes per second. For example, `67108864` represents `64MiB` per second.
    - When the value is set with a unit, supported units include KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB. For example, '1GiB' represents 1 GiB per second, and '256MiB' represents 256 MiB per second.
```

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No

> - Type: String (Integer + Unit)

Author: ```suggestion
- Type: String
```

- Default value: `0`
- Range: `[0, 1PiB]`
- Unit: KiB|MiB|GiB|TiB
- This variable limits the write bandwidth for each TiKV node and only takes effect when index creation acceleration is enabled (controlled by the [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) variable). When the data size in your cluster is quite large (such as billions of rows), limiting the write bandwidth for index creation can effectively reduce the impact on application workloads.
- The default value `0` means no write bandwidth limit. 

> - This variable can be set in either a format with a unit or without a unit.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can set this variable in either a format with a unit or without a unit.
```

>     - When the value is set without a unit, the default unit is bytes per second. For example, `67108864` represents `64MiB` per second.
>     - When the value is set with a unit, supported units include KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB. For example, '1GiB' represents 1 GiB per second, and '256MiB' represents 256 MiB per second.

Author: ```suggestion
    - When you specify the value without a unit, the default unit is bytes per second. For example, `67108864` represents `64MiB` per second.
    - When you specify the value with a unit, supported units include KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB. For example, `'1GiB`' represents 1 GiB per second, and `'256MiB'` represents 256 MiB per second.
```
